Power BI allows you to view, analyze and visualize huge quantities of data that cannot be opened in Excel.
It uses powerful compression algorithms to import and cache the data within .PBIX file.
Power BI makes things visually appealing. 
Anyone who is familiar with Office 365 can easily connect excel queries, data models, and reports to power bi dashboards.
Using Power Bi with Azure helps to analyze and share large volumes of data. With Azure data lakes we can reduce the time it takes to get insights and increase collaboration between business analysts, data engineers and data scientists
Power BI fetches data from factory sensors and social media sources to get access to real-time analytics so we are always ready to make timely business decisions.

DATA ----->(Using Power BI) ------> Visualization

Features of Power BI:
1) Power BI Desktop: Allows you to built report by accessing data easily. You donot need any advanced report designing or query skills to report.
2) Stream Analytics: It supports real time analytics to make timely decisions.\\
3) Support for Multiple data sources: It supports various sources of data such as Excel, csv, SQL server, web files etc to create interactive visualizations.
4) Custom Visualization: We can access custom library of visualization that meets our needs.

Various components of Power Bi:
1) Power Query: It is the data transformation and mash up engine. It can be downloaded as an add-in for excel or be used as part of Power BI desktop.
2) Power Pivot: It is a data modeling technology and caluclation engine. It uses DAX language to model simple and complex data.
3) Power view: It is the data visualization component that can connect to data sources and can filter data for each data visualization element or for the entire report.
4) Power Map: It is used to visualize geospatial data in 3D mode.
5) Power BI Desktop: It is a development tool for Power Query, Power Pivot and Power View.
6) Power Q&A: It is a natural Language engine for question and answers to data model. 

Power BI dashboard is a "single page visualization" to tell as tory
